Sister Hua
Stop showing off your face
come home with us
I don't want your charity
Is it called charity when your family lets you go home?
Even Mai is at this time
Stop saying these high-sounding words
My parents and I
Did so many hurtful and cheap things
Talk about you in all fairness
And the whole family
you
You can really pretend that nothing has happened
?
Can you really forgive us?
We can really still be calm
Are you going to sit together again?
I never said I would forgive you
But grandpa is very worried about breaking
Although the rest of the family didn’t say anything,
But I also miss you very much in my heart
I know you won't be able to do it for a day
this home
It won't be complete
I choose to continue to make you angry
Or give each other a chance
I believe that whether it is me or other family members
Will choose the latter
so go home
Even if it's just
Have a New Year's Eve dinner
this is me
It is also the wish of the whole family
small 7
Come and take it and share it with everyone
I'm here. I'm here. Oh, it's great.
Come and give it to your sister.
Let’s divide these first. Your father still writes them?
Come to Xiaoqi
Boss lady eh
Wow, these shoes are so pretty
Home page
Come and see
How about the word laosan?
Oh, Xiang is so lazy
good looking good looking
It’s Chinese New Year. It’s Chinese New Year.
Big brother, big brother
Second brother, sister, sister-in-law, you are back, you are back
Happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year
Slow down for the New Year
New Year's Eve when I was a kid
My eldest brother likes to buy paper flowers and bring them to me.
I didn't expect him to remember
Mom went to town to buy a pair of shoes for your uncle.
Look how pitiful he looks like that
Grandpa, grandpa
This writing is really good, really good
Happy Chinese New Year. I'll come back.
Just come back
adhesive clothing
oops
Hahaha my good
Hahaha
perhaps
This is home, right?
There is sadness
Good or bad
meaning of family
It is to make people in this world
no longer lonely
I'm coming
The food is here. The food is here. Oh, it’s all here so quickly.
So fragrant
Sister-in-law did it here
My skills are not good either
Everyone, give it a try
It’s delicious, hahaha
This, this, this
I never thought I would be able to eat grass one day
He's hungry
Hahahaha okay
Then
That's fine. Don't do it even after you say it.
Also, it is really inconvenient to pay for rent.
We'll dismantle it when the police are old enough.
Hahaha
ha
Xiao Guo, this is for me, what else?
I know you spend the most ambiguous time, I guess
Remember to clean up after yourself, okay, it's okay
Lady
Eat vegetables
Yan'er
That piece of paper of yours
How's it going?
I don’t know how good it is that I’ve simply lost weight.
What's wrong
It's okay. I'll give you a surprise later.
Come hahaha
Well, you are here, you are now 30
Let me say a few words.
not easy
It’s rare that our family can sit together again
Have a reunion dinner
I feel indescribably happy in my heart
in the past period
We made many appointments cheaply
Each of you
I also suffered a lot
Oops, ok
What are you talking about on New Year's Eve?
No, I mean tell the children, tell us
No matter what happened in the past
All of us are safe and sound
bustling
Haha, be safe
Qiqi is growing up hahaha oops
My mother
Really good at talking hahaha
That girl
I'll toast you
How can the elders respect the younger ones?
I respect you and can’t say that.
without you
I guess in my whole life
I won’t get together with everyone anymore
This cup should be served to my sister-in-law
Ouch, what the hell?
Hahaha
Your brandy is more bitter than yellow face, hahaha
Sister, how about you make wine with my mother after the new year?
Seriously, seriously, what you said, haha, let me teach you
Good hahaha
I mean sister-in-law
I toast you this cup
Uh I shouldn't
Not when you came to us
Said so many cruel words to you
sorry
It was really our fault first.
My sister-in-law also feels guilty
Then let's drink this cup together
Put it away after drinking
What should be forgotten?
Come
Talk about me again
Give me a chance
give me a chance
you say
Why do you want to say something about our cheap New Year’s Eve dinner?
Dear elders
Taking advantage of the fact that today is New Year’s Eve
I would like to ask all the elders to bear witness
I think
Officially propose marriage to a cheap person
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
What's the matter?
I have opened my mouth. This is 13. This is
Uh-huh, that 13
Although you and Ye'er are in love with each other.
But this important matter of marriage is three coins and six betrothals.
The rules must not be bad
Right, right, right
I agree, uh, I came in a hurry this time.
Uh, I haven't prepared the betrothal gift yet, but
I have all these things with me
Here is my metric waist tag
And my house equipment and ground atmosphere in Yingjiang
Someone asks for marriage
They all give money and gifts
I want everything about me
Leave it all to Ye'er
Wow haha
ha
Hello
I will definitely let Ye'er live a stable life
Well, I plan to take her back to my hometown after the new year.
meet parents
I also let everyone in my family know that I am married.
Such a nice girl
This betrothal gift is secondary.
The important thing is to ask us what we mean by one or two.
Haha, right, right
One or two
would you like
Yeah, I'm willing to agree. I agree.
He agreed hahaha, who do you want?
Hahaha
Hahaha, eat vegetables, eat vegetables, hahaha
You must be nice to Yan
I can't spare our uncle
Don't worry, second uncle
What are you doing to others?
You have to talk to people properly.
Call me uncle
Yes, yes, dad
Mother, good, good, good, good
well
good
Hahaha let’s toast everyone together
Come on, come on, come on, come on
It's snowing
It's snowing. It's snowing. Oops.
It's really snowing. It's really snowing. It's really nice.
Oh, good, so good
Oh, Lian family has a happy new year
Auspicious snow and good harvest
Congratulations on getting rich hahaha
Hahaha
nature
Kneel down and wear Yuanbao to enjoy the sunset and enjoy the mood and automatically
sometimes get
galloping dragon
color
grateful
among old people
little woman
Who weaves love into the snow
brew spring wine
I wish there were two people in one house
Three meals and four seasons
Wish to be as light as autumn water
Silence and compassion
May this life be your companion
Hey Ma, what did you write?
not tell you
You write a word and put a lamp, and yet you are so mysterious?
Come
One, two, three, go
Browsing through the sea of ​​people
No longer
exist
I am leaving
Hahahahahahahahaha come on
Happy New Year, Grandpa and Sister-in-law. Happy New Year.
Everything is fine. Sit down.
Oh, another year, oh, oh, oh!
Such a great gift
Get the red envelope for the Happy New Year
Hahaha, grandpa has already prepared it for you.
11 years ago
Come on, thank you grandpa
Hahahaha thank you so much grandma
Well, the one who raised me
Ouch, hahaha, just one, oh, really
Thank you, sister-in-law
Then I wish my grandparents and my aunts a happy new year.
Come and next year, all your wishes will come true
Safe and healthy
May all go well with you
I also wish us ladies all the best.
Yeah hahaha
You really have to leave the restaurant to us
The second uncle was originally in charge of accounts in the restaurant.
The second aunt is also familiar with those chefs and regular customers.
It's best to leave the restaurant to you two.
You left it to us
Then what are you going to do?
I have other things to go
Are you thinking about making money again?
A new business is about to start
You said this thing of ours is just a brain?
A steady stream of business would be smart, huh?
Before I hand over the restaurant to you, I have one more thing to ask of you.
Just speak up
Did I say that I would climb mountains of swords and descend into seas of fire?
Just one word from you
Well, our restaurant is getting bigger and bigger now.
There is also a bit of a shortage of manpower.
I wonder if I can spend it as a couple
I also called the restaurant to help.
I will give you this experience just like I gave it to you before.
Of course that's good
Don’t worry, this matter will be taken care of by the second uncle, haha
Thank you, uncle
Thank you, Second Auntie, for visiting this kid again after class.
Throw it down
Hahahahahahaha oops
Mom, it's too cold. Go back quickly.
We are all here
Okay, send it here
Remember to write a letter back when you arrive in Yingjiang
Take good care of yourself
Don't worry, I will
Don't just focus on the restaurant business, either.
You must take good care of your body
I’ll leave it to you, Sister Ye’er.
I will definitely take good care of her
I won't let her say that she will be wronged later.
Okay
I'm only going away for a few months and will be back soon
When the time comes, I will make a lot of beautiful rouges
I'll give them all to you.
Um
Don't wait for me to come back
I will definitely wait for you to come back
Let's go
Be careful hehe
Then let's go
Be careful on the road
How many times have I told you
pout
Look ahead Look ahead
Uncle Jin
Didn’t you already agree to be transected to study medicine?
How do you pay back
stop
What are you standing for?
Hahaha, old Uncle Jin, hey, here he comes, this is
This is my distant nephew
I'm teaching him self-defense techniques
how
Hahaha, you really have a bit of style, haha
Much smarter than temptation
You're bored, why are you here?
I'm here to deliver a letter
Come
Look forward and don't panic.
do you know come
Look ahead and take it
There are wise men, so don’t panic.
Minsu
Dr. Hu from Tai Hospital
Ouch, his handwritten letter
Shen Nuo married you to Hu Yuyi
He has agreed to take you on as his disciple
In the future, you can study medicine with famous teachers
I will definitely be admitted to Tai Hospital soon.
Hahaha
I just said that we, Lao Wang, don’t have men.
No, come and have a look
Oh thank you
Thank you also Shen Nuo
I ward off evil spirits
After you get married
Take care
May your heart desire
bright future
OMG
I haven't left yet. Why did I say it as if I wanted to say goodbye?
Haha, will you say this sooner or later?
This is what you said about saying goodbye.
Hurry up and buy some elbows
clear clearly
I'm happy today
I won’t eat here after that.
I have something to do at home. I have to go back. You can eat by yourself.
No, I'm leaving first, Mom
Okay, you, hahaha, are much better than your father.
Niu Fu’s most powerful meaning is dad
You are so good, hahaha. Your father is much better.
Really promising
Hahaha, let me see what you are reading. You are illiterate.
Dad, we need to have a drink tonight.
Brother Heng
Bye now
receive
Come on, let’s write 2
Our little 7
In the next year, I can go to the dead rat in town to study.
The teacher is a very knowledgeable gentleman.
Xiao Qi will surely learn from him if he follows him
That's great, sister, I can have sex with my fourth uncle.
please don't be happy
I need to practice this word well before meeting my husband.
Well, practice hard
Hahaha
only
One is for a restaurant and the other is for a new residence.
I bought you a new house
Then you can just go and live there
Restaurant monthly profit
The second uncle will give it to you on a monthly basis
Ensure parents have a worry-free life
Wang'er, what are you doing if you don't cook?
I'm going to open a bigger restaurant
So I gave this small restaurant to my parents.
Hahahahaha boo
Keep your voice down
Sister
My parents still have the energy to make money.
Don't make yourself miserable
How angry is this?
Mom will help you keep it first
When you need money, just tell your mother, you know?
Yeah. I know
Come and grab some foam
Keep it
Hey 15
What is this word?
What is the word 2?
Ding ding hahaha
Wait until the next year
Xiao Qi will be able to learn many, many words after going to private school.
Are you happy hahaha?
mom
Ha ha
I want to give you a new quilt
Let's try it and see if it feels comfortable when covered with it.
They are all made of new cotton.
If you feel comfortable covering it?
Mom will make you two new beds.
How is it so soft?
OK
It's good for you to be covered up and comfortable, mother.
You sleep with me tonight
How old is the child?
No matter how old she is, she is still her mother’s daughter.
Hahaha good
Mom will sleep with you now
Yeah hahaha come on
oops
Come
Oh, in the blink of an eye
My sister has grown so big
It's time to get married.
Mom, well, will you miss me when I'm gone?
Of course mom misses you
Mom doesn’t want to let you go either
but
As long as you live in peace and harmony
happily
Mom is content, okay?
Mother, please sing a song for me
good
The wolf is coming
coming
Something happened to my sister
Go to the fields and have a look
What's the matter?
You'll know once you go there. Hey, slow down.
Oh, hurry up, hurry up, slow down
You'll know what you're doing there
Sister, hurry up!
Don’t say it. Slow down.
This is nothing
You lied to my sister again. Look
You, me, you
Miss Mai Er
Did you wake up, Miss Mai Er?
Miss Ma'er
There's nothing uncomfortable about it, right?
No congratulations on successfully completing all missions
Are you OK
Just feel
had a dream
This is a cheap courtyard
This circle is Dahuang’s range of action
And some other people's lines of action
You can view it here
You said it was like a dream
This is the wonderful thing about our game
Give you 360 degrees
All directions without blind spots
Immersive experience of the game world
So everything we go through
It's all designed
It’s not, uh, after the task is triggered.
All your actions are under your subjective control
But the main mission and the clearance ending
It's all set
Ending of the game
Just make enough to earn 1,000 pounds.
You also completed a hidden mission
Just defeated the biggest boss Wu Zhonglian
Let the villagers return to the village
Then the people we meet are actually MPCs
Is it a game? One true and one false is your experience.
I need you to fill this in, please.
Uh, what else?
We will be there within 7 working days
Send you your game winnings OK
Then fill it out first
13Tell me before you leave
He is going back to his hometown of Yingjiang with Sister Yi'er
I also want to drink the peach blossom juice made by Sister Yi'er
That's where they sell milk, cream, etc.
Are you still angry with Sister Yi'er?
Is this guy not planning to be reinstated?
Hey, I'm so lucky to have a sister
how about you
When are you leaving?
celebrate festivals
That's pretty fast
In a few days
There was a shooting in Liaoyang County
How about I take you there
what do you mean
mom
I want to be with you all the time
I want to accompany you in spring plowing and autumn harvest
Accompany you to do whatever you want to do
Maybe there will be many twists and turns in the future.
I can't promise you stability for the rest of your life
But I will never give up
Never be separated from you again
Look at what my little pony has become.
I'd better do it
Let me take a look first
Then you have to work harder in the future
My family doesn’t support idlers
Don't forget that I am now a man with a fenglu
Then can you give me more of your money?
Not willing anymore
please me he asks you
Well, I don't want to
Everyone listens to you, but who cares about you?
deciduous flowers